Press the Enter key to skip or when ready.
Luna was orphaned as a young girl and taken in by a powerful mage, he had raised her and taught her magic. His name was William. He was an old 
and lonely mage and Luna was a young lonely child. He gave her a home, a bed, and a passion for magic and in turn had someone to tell his stories 
to, someone who he would introduce to the thing he loved the most, magic. After his passing, all Luna had left of him was a staff he had given 
her. Luna decided to become a great mage like her mentor and there was only one place she could do that. The citadel! a large academy for 
wizards, lords and commoners alike go to it for both health problems, monster problems, and to seek wise advice. Luna quickly realized how 
talented she was compared to her peers. Unrivaled in mana reserves and spell power. Unfortunately for her, talent can only get one so far in the 
wizarding world. She is a lazy student who can't figure out why she can't just do the work she is assigned without procrastinating and sleeping. 
This is why she casts remarkably powerful spells without much control. She had once fallen asleep mid-spell and accidentally turned a harmless 
practice session into an indoors thunderstorm. Her spells hit like a siege weapon, imprecise, but deadly. She had passed every practical 
examination purely because of her overwhelming talent and mana reserves. Luna is in a very important time in her life, she has a thesis due, 
a thesis about dark magic's impact on the environment. In classic Luna fashion however, she can’t seem to do her work until right before the 
deadline. Luna is troubled as this is a very important assignment for her career and can't afford her laziness to get in the way. When she 
heard about the tournament, Luna immediately packed her staff, and went to compete. Maybe the gods could help remove these lazy habits of hers. 
After she had won she would be able to complete her thesis and get a good grade like it was nothing.
"I'll do it tomorrow. The deadline for the study of dark magic's effects on the environment is due in a month anyway."

