Press the Enter key to skip or when ready.
Tyland was a rich noble born into a wealthy family, all his life he was told how amazing he was. Exceptional with 
sword and lance, with a sharp wit and a charming exterior. On his 16th nameday, his father held a large tourney and finally 
he was allowed to compete and show off his skills. No one had ever been as confident as he was that day, why wouldn’t he be? He 
was exceptional in all aspects of life right? It made the sting of losing to a village boy at his first tournament that 
much more painful. His ego, his honor, his entire self image… shattered in one swift lance strike. How could a simple 
commoner strike him down? In hindsight, sneaking out to find a witch in the woods was an unhinged response to being knocked 
off his horse during a joust. But how else was a spoiled noble supposed to act? Tantrums usually resolved any hurdle that was 
thrown at him. Unfortunately daddy money couldn’t save him from his own stupidity. “My father is lord of this land, witch, I command 
you to make me the strongest warrior in the kingdom” he ordered the witch. The witch handed him a concoction that she claimed would 
fulfil his desires, Tyland drank with no hesitation and satisfied with himself, went back to his castle and slept in his featherbed. 
Tyland woke up in a bed covered in blood, flesh, and fur. He had shed his old body and transformed into a nightmarish monster resembling 
both a bear and a werewolf. When the maids entered the room, it was obvious what happened, this monster had entered from the window 
and killed Tyland. His own family hunted him, but Tyland escaped. When he tried to find the witch she was nowhere to be found. After 
nearly a year like this, whispers reached him of a tournament held by the gods, where the winner would have his wish granted. The 
tournament is his last chance, if the gods give him the gift of his old life again, he swears to humble himself and live the privileged 
life he was gifted to the fullest.
"RAWHRRRR."
(Loose translation: "I have significant regrets.")
